[core] Update CHANGELOG to include pickers breaking change (#33486)
mui/material-ui: CHANGELOG.md

### `@mui/lab@5.0.0-alpha.90`

**⚠️ Breaking changes**

- [lab] Remove the pickers (#33386) @flaviendelangle

>   The pickers are moved to MUI X, check out the [migration guide](https://mui.com/x/react-date-pickers/migration-lab/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The pickers were moved to MUI X. Learn how to migrate by visiting the [migration guide](https://mui.com/x/react-date-pickers/migration-lab/).
```
